The Joe Rogan experience. When you eat the Wolf, what do you eat?
The backstraps do you, do you cook the hams? Like how do you, how do you eat?
The only way that I like to eat a Wolf is a boil it for a good long time.
Cause wolves too will have parasites. They'll have trick analysis, you know,
they're meat eaters, Anthony eats meat.
You want to make sure it's thoroughly cooked. I like to boil it. Boiled Wolf.
Yeah. I haven't eaten a lot of Wolf. I've eaten Wolf, you know,
three or four times when I didn't have much else. And I figured, Hey,
I better take advantage of this food I got here rather than give it to something
else to eat. You feed it.
To your family. Um.
They've probably Wolf like my kids when they a little, maybe once or something.
And I can't, it's hilarious. How many people could you ask that too?
And they go, yeah, my kids probably Wolf.
I don't know. Like I met these Mongolians once and they were like, oh,
you shoot some malls. We want Wolf meat. We love Wolf meat. You know,
Mongolians they're all into it. Yeah.
A lot of native Americans were into Wolf meat.
I don't like it's a trappers were into Wolf meat. Well,
that's what they had to eat. But yeah, but some of them actually preferred it.
Really? Yeah. There was something from the Lewis Clark exhibition.
It does another thing that, um, expedition, that was something from, um,
Rinella was telling me about some guys actually preferred Wolf meat.
It was like their favorite, favorite.
Domestic dog Lewis and Clark expedition.
They would buy dogs from the Indians and eat them because they didn't want to
eat salmon. They had, they had fish is what I heard. They could have eaten,
but they'd rather eat dog. Cause they want to red meat. Oh Jesus. Yeah.
Wow. When they got way out like the Columbia river area.
So did you eat these wolves that you shot?
I a little bit of it. Cause I was short on food that at that time, that winter,
you know, not like the whole thing, but a few meals of it.
Boil it. And w how do you do it? Like onions, potatoes make a soup.
I didn't have anything like that.
Uh, no. I mean, no I'm out there all winter long. That that was 2012,
2013. There was a, I didn't have any vegetables.
Do you know where I get the vegetables out of the caribou stomach?
What the caribou eats for plant food.
That's what I get for plant food in the winter. That's the only, so you.
Would actually eat their stomach contents. Yeah, really sure.
People done it for thousands of years.
I believe you. I believe.
They have. Not only that, but I pickle meat in it.
I'd take a tender lines off of caribou are great pickled in their stomach
contents.
Pickled stomach contents. Explain that to me. How do you do that while you.
You got to learn about caribou stomach,
cause you don't want to go too far downstream. It starts turning brownish,
but like the first,
th the big chamber of the rumen when they eat these lichens in
the winter, that's what they're feeding on.
You can't eat those lichens off the ground. They're harsh.
But when it's partially digested in a caribou stomach,
it actually isn't edible food in the old people used to eat these lot.
I read about it. And I even talked to some people who had done it, you know,
when they were kids and stuff and sure enough, it's not bad stuff.
I got hooked on it, man. One winter, I eating a lot of caribou stomach contents.
And, uh, yeah, my family wasn't into that. They,
they were like looking at me like, and I was like, Aw, man, it's like salad.
This stuff's good. I don't eat much of that anymore. Basically.
I went as primitive as I could go.
And I satisfied my curiosity about living that extreme of a
subsistence lifestyle.
So now I eat much more store-bought vegetables.
I eat normal foods. Um,
but for a time there for a few years,
I got down to where I was eating caribou stomach contents. I was doing anything.
I just wanted to
just immerse myself in that whole environment out there.
I wanted to get my food right there. What I could see, what I could get myself,
just get right into it, you know, 15 months without even going out to town,
not talking to other people. I mean, that time I had my wife there,
but, um,
just to really get into a different state of consciousness,
it puts you in a different state of consciousness. And it's a beautiful thing.
You said, pickled stomach contents. Yeah. How do you,
how are you pickling a Tenderloin in the stomach contents.
Take the caribou. You get to the right chamber of the stomach.
They got four chambers on their stomach, you know, um,
you just cut a little slit in it just after you've pulled the guts out and you
just slipped the meat in there and you slip it right into the room and in the
contents there.
And what happens is assuming the temperature's about right? And it,
it will retain a lot of heat. It creates heat. I think the, the,
the micro
organisms in there create heat because if you just bury that in snow and snow,
of course, insulates, it it'll stay warm for quite a while. And, um,
if it was really cold, it might not work out.
It might freeze solid before it pickled. But if it's the right temperature,
the meatal turned brownish color over time and it'll be pickled.
All people used to do this all time. I read about this, you know, 20 years ago.
And then I talked to people and I said, yeah, this is safe to do so I tried it.
And,
and there was a winner there where that's where I got a lot of my vegetables was
out of the caribou stomach. Um, and the meat will just, it'll,
it'll turn brownish first on the outer part of the meat and then all the way
through it. And it gets pickled. I've done a lot of different things with me.
You know what I like to do with me? A lot of people don't realize,
cause you live in the modern world and just like me when I grew up. Right.
Um, meat's dangerous. If it's raw, you gotta be careful.
You gotta like wash everything. Be careful. Actually what I found is that, um,
it, it just all depends on the conditions.
Once you learn how to handle meat properly,
you can do a lot of things with meat that most people would be scared to death
of. Um, and it's completely safe. As far as I'm concerned.
I never had any problems with it. But, um, like moisture is very important.
If you buy meat in a storage wrapped in plastic, that keeps it moist.
You let it sit around for a while.
It spoils and it doesn't take long leave meat out of your refrigerator to be
spoiled in a day. Right.
But if you take a muscle out of an animal and you
butcher it properly, you separate the muscle. As one piece,
you don't make a bunch of cuts in the fascia.
You can take a muscle that's two or three inches thick. Don't put it in plastic.
Don't wrap it up. That'll cause it to spoil you, leave it right out in the air.
Two or three inch thick muscle. I set them on a rack, a pie above my woodstove.
It's like a hundred degrees up there.
Sometimes other times it's cold up there just varies during the day,
depending on how the fires stoked. Right. I'll let it sit there for a week,
10 days and then I'll eat it. Never cook it. Just let it sit there. Really?
Yeah. Never cook it.
No, just let it sit there.
So he gets a crust on the outside.
It gets across on the outside, but it's too thick of a piece to dry.
Like you would dry jerky or something, right. It stays moist inside.
It's like making cheese on. It turns into something like cheese.
It gets different flavors.
You're aging. It.
Yeah. You're aging. It's actually fermentation. That's taken place. Uh,
I believe it's actually a fermentation process,
but it takes on different flavors. I really like, I call it gummy meat.
Cause that's what my kids used to call it. And, um, gummy, gummy.
Cause it gets kind of gummy. Oh No, that's good.
It's good. It really is. I wish I had some, I,
I was saying when I left the Alaska, which adds some,
something like that to bring Joe down, but I didn't have anything.
So when your what's going on.
Looking for something about the care,
but stomach and there's this thing called the polar manual made by the
government. You got to take the Navy.
He says the Cara back fat is better than chewing gum and things made been
1961. So it might maybe even older.
Okay. This old timers from the north mentioned many interesting Eskimo,
Indian and Siberian foods. Pemmican. I've heard of that. It's a,
the meat of bear seal,
caribou and walrus mixed together with fish eggs and dried into a hard
frozen block.
Trappers peaches and cream is chewing dried beaver
tail caribou back fat is better than chewing gum.
Don't overlook the contents of a seal stomach for a fresh fried fish
dinner nor the contents of a caribou stomach mixed with the trip
lining as a tasty in quotes,
salad of reindeer Moss and lichens
properly. How's that word? Acidulated.
Yeah, I like the next one there. Walrus melted death gives 16 courts and milk.
I love dairy products. I, you know, you can't get them up to.
10 Quarts of milk from a wars.
I, one time I was thinking about milking a caribou after I killed her, but I, I,
I didn't just because she was in bad shape.
She had been attacked by the wools and she had an infection in her leg and I was
afraid that somehow I might get sick, but I,
I just remember this lactating caribou that I'd killed. And I was thinking,
I never heard of people doing that, but you know,
milking an animal after died until you just read that. But walrus.
You were worried you would have taken the milk,
but except for the fact that she had been infected.
She was the one that only had two good legs and her back leg going right up
there towards her utter. Oh, it was in terrible shape. It was,
it was full of pus. And.
I encountered that with an elk shot.
Once he had been stabbed by another elk in his, in his,
one of his back legs. And it was just all filled with POS, like when we were,
uh, quartering them and taking it apart,
there was this one section that was just all POS. It was nasty.
I've seen the same thing in a moose stabbed in the back,
like in the haunch there by one of the times. So when.
When you boiled the, the Wolf, how you eating that.
Uh, just.
Playing, just playing, just chopping.
You can fry it after you boil it, give it a little extra flavor.
So what you do or if you guys can just.
Yeah. Was that what you were doing or were you just eating it boiled both?
What is it like? Is there something you could taste.
Wolfie Wolfie to Wolf meters, right?
It's a desperation food, right? Is that how you'd.
Look at it if I didn't have something else or the Wolf, but yeah. You know,
I've got other things, um, there's all kinds of stuff you can do with food.
You can, uh, you know, you can get as primitive as you want.
Yeah. I can.
Imagine, but there's so much else going on. Like for me now, um,
if, if you want to live that primitively off the land,
that's all you do. It takes all your time.
If you want to share that life with other people,
like what I've been trying to do the last six years, you can't just do that.
Yeah. Because you don't really have the amount of time to hunt and gather.
Um, I wouldn't even have the ability to communicate. Right.
I won't even be able to arrange to be on your show.
If I was out there living the way I was living, you know, 6, 7, 8 years ago.
Right.